what's going on ladies and gentlemen
this is rich overview tech USA and as
you see the PlayStation Store is back up
I'm really psyched to see the Welcome
Back package so let's go to the PSN
store and check it out okay I got to get
used to this I haven't been on the
playstation store for a while since it's
been down since april twentieth all
right this should be really calm really
happy that sony's doing his welcome back
package you know i had infamous 2 and I
didn't get ahead infamous to listen to
me I had the original infamous and I
never got to finish it and I traded it
in because I wanted something else at
the time and now I'm psyched to play it
again before if ms 2 comes out what
you'll have to get that demo soon too so
let's see where the Welcome Back
packages where the hell is it okay free
games
yeah okay let's see if they have them
here all right the games aren't here you
would think they'd have the Welcome Back
package like right in front Lee because
it's a pretty big deal but maybe I don't
know whatever let me go find infamous
maybe that's where it is go to games ps3
games
it's taking forever to load what the
hell if mrs. 29 bucks why is it $29 am I
missing something here what the hell's
going on oh I'm not missing anything I
went to one-up calm after i started
making the other video which i was going
to do a whole video on the PlayStation
Store being back up and how cool it is
then I read this article it starts off
with at long last the PlayStation Store
has been brought back online and has
been inaccessible since the PlayStation
Network has been taken down on april
twentieth not only is it back but it's
been updated with a great deal of
content tons of downloadable games yadda
yadda yadda don't care don't care it's
supposed to have all that then I read
this line unfortunately the Welcome Back
package is not yet available it's still
being tested and will be released in
quotes soon you've got to be kidding me
the biggest thing people were looking
forward to with the PlayStation Store
being back online as welcome back
package the playstation network until
today has not been fully functional and
the biggest thing people were looking
forward to you just say yeah we're gonna
get back to him on that Wow Sony oh my
god that's like me returning something
like i order something from a company
and they screw up the order big time and
i call them up and because they made
such a big mistake they were like you
know what we're will um will do this for
you will give you another free product
along with it will have everything set
up just you know when you go back into
the store call the manager or in
whatever will just make sure it happens
and i go into the store and talk to that
manager when everything's ready to go
and he's like oh yeah member that whole
thing we're going to do when you return
it where we hook you up with a free
product and everything ah yeah we're not
done working on that so we'll go back to
you
sony i have never seen someone handle
something more sloppily than you I swear
to God I didn't make this video to you
know start drama or be a troll i made
this video really excited about the
playstation store being back up but man
i mean even if it goes up three hours
from now the Welcome Back package will
get back to you on it oh wow I hope you
learned some big lessons from this Sony
you still have a great console I think
it's the best bang for the buck this
generation but you failed big time I'm
gonna have a unboxing of the AVerMedia
HD PVR going up this afternoon it's a
their answer to the hauppauge HD PVR
which is going to be kind of cool but
I'm sorry if anyone says I'm trolling
with this video I'm not I think this is
absolute BS good for you sony you did a
number with this one uh wow